add glideSnow run script [com1DFA] (#806)
avaframe/AvaFrame: docs/moduleCom1DFA.rst

equation of motion described in :ref:`moduleCom1DFA:Theory` and the chosen kernel function.
This kernel function describes the domain of influence of a particle (through the smoothing length parameter).
See theory :ref:`theoryCom1DFA:com1DFA DFA-Kernel theory` for further details.

Glide snow tool com1DFA
----------------------------

> The com1DFA computational module provides the option to add an elastic cohesion force between particles. This can
> be used for example to simulate small glide snow avalanches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The com1DFA computational module provides the option to add an elastic cohesion force between particles. This was developed to simulate glide snow avalanches.
```

The cohesion between particles is modeled using elastic bonds with maximum strain rate.

> This means that the cohesion force :math:`\mathbf{F}_{lk}` exerted by :math:`l` on :math:`k` is expressed by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the cohesion force :math:`\mathbf{F}_{lk}` exerted by :math:`l` on :math:`k` is expressed by:
```

.. math::

  \mathbf{F}_{lk} = -\mathbf{F}_{kl} =  \frac{L-L_0}{L_0} A_{kl} E \mathbf{e_{kl}}

Where :math:`L` and :math:`L_0` are the distances between the particles :math:`k` and :math:`l` at a time t and at rest
(initial time step), :math:`E` is the elastic modulus of the material, :math:`A_{kl}` is the contact area between
particles :math:`k` and :math:`l` and :math:`\mathbf{e_{kl}}` is the unit vector

.. math::

  \epsilon = \frac{L-L_0}{L_0}

> represents the strain (:math:`\epsilon` is positive in the case of elongation and negative in compression).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
represents the strain: :math:`\epsilon` is positive in the case of elongation and negative in compression.
```

If the strain exceeds a critical value :math:`\epsilon_c` the bond between the particles :math:`k` and :math:`l`
breaks.

The contact area :math:`A_{kl}` between particles :math:`k` and :math:`l` reads:

.. math::

  A_{kl} = h_{kl} d_{kl} = \frac{h_k + h_l}{2} \frac{L}{\sqrt{3}}

:math:`h_{kl}` represents the height of the contact surface and :math:`d_{kl}` represents the

> length of the contact surface in the horizontal plane assuming that each particle has 6 neighbors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
length of the contact surface in the horizontal plane, assuming each particle has 6 neighbours.
```

Input
^^^^^^

> The standard inputs required to perform a simulation run using :py:mod:`com1DFA` cane be found here: :ref:`moduleCom1DFA:Input`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard inputs required to perform a simulation run using :py:mod:`com1DFA` can be found here: :ref:`moduleCom1DFA:Input`.
```

There is a run script to perform a glide snow com1DFA run: :py:mod:`runScripts.runGlideSnowCom1DFA.py`,
and the configuration settings can be found in ``com1DFA/glideSnowCfg.ini``.

> The new glide snow tool specific parameters are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The glide snow tool-specific parameters are:
```
